[Homebrew Doc] Contributing Guidelines: Mention the bot merging PRs (#56570)
Homebrew/homebrew-core: CONTRIBUTING.md

* `git commit` with message formatted `foo 2.3.4 (new formula)`
* [open a pull request](https://docs.brew.sh/How-To-Open-a-Homebrew-Pull-Request) and fix any failing tests

> Once you've addressed any potential feedback and a Member of the Homebrew org has approved your Pull Request, the [BrewTestBot](https://github.com/BrewTestBot) will automatically merge it a couple of minutes later.

Author: ```suggestion
Once you've addressed any potential feedback and a member of the Homebrew org has approved your pull request, the [BrewTestBot](https://github.com/BrewTestBot) will automatically merge it a couple of minutes later.
```

> Once you've addressed any potential feedback and a member of the Homebrew org has approved your pull request, the [BrewTestBot](https://github.com/BrewTestBot) will automatically merge it a couple of minutes later.

Reviewer: It's not exclusively testbot by the way, it can still be manually merged by maintainers.

Author: What about this wording?
```suggestion
Once you've addressed any potential feedback and a member of the Homebrew org has approved your pull request, your PR will be automatically merged by our [@BrewTestBot](https://github.com/BrewTestBot) a couple of minutes later – if not merged by a maintainer manually before.
```

Reviewer: I think I'd prefer 

> Once you've addressed any potential feedback and a member of the Homebrew org has approved your pull request, your PR will be automatically merged by our [@BrewTestBot](https://github.com/BrewTestBot), or a maintainer.
